yeah I also can't shake the sneaking
suspicion that it has something to do
with our diet really well you know I saw
this we know that obesity is like
skyrocket yeah okay so and probably the
reason for that it's not exactly certain
there might be complicated reasons for
it but certainly one of the reasons is
that people eat far too many
carbohydrates right Jordan Peterson is
not a scientist he's not a legitimate
researcher and he doesn't think like a
scientist and unfortunately his opinions
are never challenged by legitimate
journalists or people who even think
like legitimate journalists this
hypothesis he's given if it's just
stated as a hypothesis
it could be challenged it could be
falsified what do we see on the chart
there do we see that rising rates of
obesity correlate to rising rates of
carbohydrate intake no that's not what
we see at all what do we see when we
look at this chart gee what is it that's
been increasing all over the world meat
production meat consumption that
percentage the human diet that's made up
of animal flesh and animal products like
eggs and milk it's really easy to throw
around pious catchphrases like education
outreach and activism well what you're
talking about is helping stupid people
it's not people who are smart
well-informed include up with in any
given area within any given struggle
those are not the people who need your
help if you're gonna do education
outreach in activism you gotta have love
for the people you're reaching out to
and it's not easy it's not easy you know
I've met people doing humanitarian work
in Cambodia and they develop so much
contempt so much hatred for the people
that were they were helping when they
first start they went there
help these people if you don't if you
don't have love for the people you're
helping whatever whether they're farmers
in Cambodia or you know people people on
the internet from the decadent West man
then you you know you really can't do
that job and if you can't that's cool
just you know just keep it real
just admit yourself what it is you're
doing you know when and why quote I'm
not taking any sides here with either
the vlogger or Jordan Peterson but I
haven't heard or read any mention about
one the fact that they the Petersons do
spend big bucks on grass-fed highest
quality organic meat or else yes they
would be killing themselves if they were
buying conventional okay I got love for
you Lizzy I got love for you Lizzy
veloute who wanted to meet with this
with this comment you know I'm gonna try
to I try to try to help you up your
claim is that conventional beef if you
were eating a 100% meat diet made out of
conventional meat that that would kill
you but not not a diet consisting of a
hundred percent grass-fed beef that's
that's your claim this is from beef
magazine this is not from a vegan
magazine just not from health magazine
this is from a pro meat industry
magazine grass-fed vs. grain-fed ground
beef no difference in healthfulness okay
the Internet is awash and websites that
proclaim the nutritional benefits of
ground beef from grass-fed cattle
however researchers in Texas A&M
University's Department of animal
science have published the only two
research studies that actually compare
the effects of ground beef from
grass-fed cattle and traditional grain
fed cattle on risk factors for
cardiovascular disease and type 2
diabetes
in men was ground beef from grass-fed
beef actually more health
oh no this study found and of course you
know if you know how to use Google this
is not surprising at all now instead of
the miniscule differences in nutritional
value when comparing grass-fed beef to
quote-unquote conventional beef what if
we were to compare grass-fed beef to the
staple of my diet
adzuki beans type of small red bean what
do you what do you see there
grass-fed beef is sixty percent fat
forty percent protein but sixty percent
fat the adzuki beans twenty percent
protein and only one percent fat so as
you can imagine oh look you know what
you don't have to imagine
don't use your imagination don't don't
run your agitation why don't you just
read the little summary here it comes to
this website the good and the bad of
grass-fed beef the good
this food is low in sodium that's when
it's raw doesn't you have an added salt
and seasoning to it right if you don't
add anything to it
pretty much everyone adds salt and then
it's not low in sodium or they add a
sauce barbecue sauce would every okay
but if you were able to just eat it
completely plain low in sodium
low in sodium also a good source of
niacin vitamin b12 zinc and selenium the
bad this food is high in saturated fat
and cholesterol this food also contains
trans fat now let's just hop over to the
adzuki beans the good this food is very
low in saturated fat cholesterol and
sodium it is also a good source of
phosphorus potassium and copper and a
very good source of dietary fiber folate
and manganese out of these two
foodstuffs which one do you think is a
better source of protein the one that
gives you an unbelievable quantity of
fat and added cholesterol for the one
that has almost zero of fat one that
consists of just protein and in
carbohydrates
yeah you see in the background here a
little humble brag from Micheli uh
Peterson they're saying it's been 14
months not yet seeing scurvy and vitamin
deficiencies creepin sounds like science
to me quote I've tried carnivore nothing
wrong with the diet vegan claims about
cholesterol are lies
cholesterol is basically just a number
that describes how much trouble your
body has digesting the fatty so that
that makes sense
joke's on you you stupid vegan that baby
is eating a natural diet and will be
more healthy than you could ever dream
of this is referring to the fact that
McKay Leo Peterson is feeding her
newborn baby a carnivore diet so the
whole family three generations the
grandparents the parents and the baby
all eating a carnivore diet 100%
contrary to the progress I think I think
probably health services a lot of
country would take your kid away from
you I think they'd charge you with child
endangerment treating a tight you
feeding a tiny tiny baby nothing but
under percent meat that it may not be
against the law in Canada but it'll be
against the law somewhere that baby will
be the healthiest baby on the planet F
word R word vegans ladies and gentlemen
it's really easy to talk about education
and outrage if you ain't got love for
these people if you don't really want to
help people who are a lot more stupid
and ignorant than yourself don't find
it's really a goddamn shame that's
somebody like Jordan Peterson it's
providing a respectable public face for
these people latch on to people who want
to believe in a 100% meat diet people
who want to believe that government
health guidelines are a crazy conspiracy
people who want to reject the whole
progress of you know modern traditional
science people who don't want to take
responsibility for the environmental
consequences of their decision people
don't want to care about ecology people
who don't want to care about ethics
don't want to care about animal
suffering Jordan Peterson your daughter
is the poster girl
for all those people and you yourself
are providing a seemingly respectable
seemingly scientific academic face on
what is ultimately a dangerous diet
delusion eyes L can you run around the
block
I'm almost twenty years older than you
if we both got on bikes I would
absolutely slaughter you on my fruit
diet I don't know what diet you're
eating I don't even know if you're vegan
who's paying you to say these things
that's what I want to know who's paying
you this guy is an imbecile he's got to
be a shoe and nobody could be that
stupid somebody's paying him to spread
this dark negativity like foul tentacles
through the vegan YouTube movement
[Music]